we've been in Midian Colombia for a few
days now but the problem is Ammar Darren
and myself don't speak Spanish but
whenever we travel we always wanna make
the effort to understand locals by
learning all that a bit of their
language so we thought the best way to
force ourselves to learn would be to
place ourselves in awkward situations
while only being allowed to speak
Spanish the dirt and I will be on the
quest for Colombian girlfriends why
Lamar is gonna try to find a job okay so
we invited our friend step who lives at
Betty and she is very very knowledgeable
was on a lot of tinder dates she's gonna
teach the guys how to ask girls out
tomorrow I was gonna learn how to ask
for a job bajo that's non-existent
Spanish with a market Italian not even
mutant kings mumbles in like Turkish
mine is like to wear this mustache
you're looking for a Colombian she got
to go out on a nice little dinner date
with what do you say this is gonna be so
fun to watch oh you just like this so
the circum Kiera studied a cow price on
that
why are you saying yes venir conmigo
[Music]
[Applause]
otherwise demonstrate what up the OMA do
see Cody Asche is likely a study SNL
contigo from the cafe bananas is
preceded of sexy Wow
it was actually it was really great
really to be that like hello my name is
this very I said it was okay yeah I'm
ready for this awesome I'm having like
an anxiety attack right now
da Gama's en Miami during tengo una
pregunta pregunta
raro caro practicar a Mahna Mahna
espanol a carousel era put on cafe
conmigo
ahora no gracias okay okay
gracias attempt number two for Darren
and he's going right outside of the
market in supermarket I wish I'd started
I'm like in the beginning of this
episodes like this isn't discomfort this
is just fun and I'm like oh yeah Mustang
over pregunta
kuzco kuzco's la persona for practicum
at practicar Evan espanol so prego
photos Karis seen it on a cafe con MIGO
our
on my cafe si si tienes on the Facebook
tell my Kelly mucho gusto me I love
Betty
so what's amigos that's a gun gusta
he's coming hey this has got a new
friend Kenny Maria a good number yeah I
got a facebook that's what you do
what did you say how much how much can I
pay you Matt to make me not in my
nightmares okay coming alive I'm trying
to diffuse my anxiety attack with comedy
but this looks sketchy pelvis is dressed
in all black with black Sun don't look
but I cross the street there's a girl
well now she's seen you phone like
that's why I was trying to avoid you and
now she she was literally she was
smiling and but I think we just blew it
everyone's got a boyfriend or everyone's
60 years old or 12 years old dammit hola
me llamo Tomas me gustaría saber si
quieres salir con me go now say as
possibly they say Toma to Facebook
nothing fazes Facebook it's a numeral C
Mucha Gracia did put the MS Pauline at
me I'm with Thomas College misspelled B
no C okay to number F way Paulina Nina
Nina Nina okay miyamoto massager booster
the boy got yourself some digits and I'm
in shaking actually so we came to
Columbia with these two beautiful girls
Lucy and Miku and they've been chillin
but having a good time and now to test
if it's easier for guys or girls they're
gonna go up and try to get a guy's
number
and they'd speak like zeroes knowledge I
guess this is the ultimate test
you're gonna go a Colombian guy that we
fake and you're may all know Lucy Briana
seat that conmigo
can I get no muhrtelle
[Music]
how do you say how do you say in Spanish
again Kirara behan que ellos trabajan
gratis a la cara
trabajar gratis review gratis me help
you
cuando alright guys so last time
Skillshare sponsored a video hundreds
and hundreds of you flocked to get the
two-month free trial and came back to us
with some awesome feedback we were
pumped that you guys were pumped so we
asked them if they'd do this all over
again and they said yes which means that
another 250 of you will get two months a
free trial learning filmmaking can be
super overwhelming especially with all
the resources there are these days but
Skillshare with their 17,000 classes
make this extremely easy
they've got classes on pretty much
anything you want if you want to learn
marketing there's Seth Godin and Gary
Vaynerchuk some of the best in the world
teaching you how to do it and if you're
into filmmaking there's an incredible
class on how to get started with editing
so make sure you're in the first 250
people to click the link in the
description to get the first two months
free trial and the best part is if you
don't like it you can cancel at any
moment with no risk but if you like it
you can continue using their service and
I think it's about ten dollars a month
if you like this video make sure to give
it a thumbs
and come say hi on instagram our
instagram is at yes theory we'll see you
there and see you on Tuesday